rename /1 (#30189)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-5.0.md

## Authentication and authorization

### Microsoft Entra ID authentication with Microsoft.Identity.Web

> The ASP.NET Core project templates now integrate with <xref:Microsoft.Identity.Web?displayProperty=fullName> to handle authentication with [Microsoft Entra ID](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis) (Azure AD). The [Microsoft.Identity.Web package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Web/) provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASP.NET Core project templates now integrate with <xref:Microsoft.Identity.Web?displayProperty=fullName> to handle authentication with [Microsoft Entra ID](/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-whatis). The [Microsoft.Identity.Web package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Identity.Web/) provides:
```

> * A better experience for authentication through Azure AD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A better experience for authentication through Microsoft Entra ID.
```
